Chat: describe File Attachments API (#8174)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChat/1 Configuration/fileUploaderOptions.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Configures file upload options.

---

> At least one option must be set in this object for file upload to function (and to display the "Attach" button).

Reviewer: Actually, the "Attach" button will be displayed even with an empty object passed:
`fileUploaderOptions: {},`

Author: Will FileUploader function if I pass the empty object?

Reviewer: No, at least `uploadFile` function has to be passed for uploading to work

> Define [uploadFile](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#uploadFile) in this object to enable file upload. To show the "Attach" button, pass at least an empty object to **fileUploaderOptions**.

Reviewer 2: So do you mean that `fileUploaderOptions` accepts `dxFileUploader`? 

It seems a little strange that I can show the Attach button by passing an an empty object to `fileUploaderOptions`. So the Attach button is visible, in this case... but file upload is not enabled I guess... since the object is empty and it means I didn't set `uploadFile` to `true`. 

So it's a little confusing how these two things are connected.

Author: Maybe let's drop the second sentence? I thought about it and I don't see how anyone would need just the Attach button.

Reviewer 2: Yes, makes sense then. Thanks

> You can specify most [FileUploader properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/) in this object except those listed below. These properties are overridden by Chat.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can specify most [FileUploader properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/) in this object, except for the properties listed below. Chat overrides these properties.
```

> You can specify most of the [FileUploader properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/) in this object except those listed below. These properties are overridden by Chat.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify most [FileUploader properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/) in this object except those listed below. These properties are overridden by Chat.
```

- [dialogTrigger](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#dialogTrigger)
- [rtlEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#rtlEnabled)
- [showFileList](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#showFileList)
- [uploadButtonText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#uploadButtonText)
- [uploadMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#uploadMode)
- [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#value)
- [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#visible)

[note]

> The following option default values differ from FileUploader:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following default settings differ from FileUploader:
```

> - The **fileUploaderOptions**.[multiple](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#multiple) property default value is `true` (`false` in FileUploader).

Reviewer 2: We already said "default" in the introductory sentence. No need to repeat. 

```suggestion
- The **fileUploaderOptions**.[multiple](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#multiple) property value is `true` (`false` in FileUploader).
```

> - The **fileUploaderOptions**.[allowedFileExtensions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#allowedFileExtensions) property default value is `[".jpg", ".jpeg", ".png", ".gif", ".webp", ".bmp", ".pdf", ".docx", ".xlsx", ".pptx", ".txt", ".rtf", ".csv", ".md"]` (`[]` in FileUploader).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The **fileUploaderOptions**.[allowedFileExtensions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#allowedFileExtensions) property value is `[".jpg", ".jpeg", ".png", ".gif", ".webp", ".bmp", ".pdf", ".docx", ".xlsx", ".pptx", ".txt", ".rtf", ".csv", ".md"]` (`[]` in FileUploader).
```
